Welcome to the next section of this course.
This section is called Quick Java and its purpose is to provide a one stop shop intro to the Java programming
language.
So first, let me give you some advice.
If you are completely new to programming, then I recommend you take a course dedicated to Java programming.
Programming in general takes dedication and time to learn.
But there is nothing stopping you from mastering it.
If you put the time and effort in, this course is not dedicated to teaching you Java.
Its main purpose is to teach you selenium.
Web driver use in Java.
I have dedicated a whole section to Java just to help get those less experienced up to speed.
Remember always continue to learn.
So this section of this course is designed to be direct, quick and said appointees.
Each letter is designed to be short.
My objective is to get you familiar with Java in the least time possible.
If you wish to learn more about a particular subject, then you can find many useful tutorials across
the web.
So what is covered in this section?
So the below table is an overview of the subjects we'll be covering.
And these are some of the key features of the Java programming language.
And we'll go through each of these in a dedicated lecture.
So I hope this has given you an overview of what we're going to cover.
Let's continue learning.